_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p></p>
    <p>Austin, TX 78752</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi! I am an upcoming ECE MS Graduate (Spring 2025) from the University of Texas at Austin, seeking full-time opportunities as an .... 

During my time at UT, I interned at Arcus, researched NLP + Robotics, GNN weather forecast models, and more! 

<!-- I love Joe Joe. -->


Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update about page: modify information and layout

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p></p>
    <p>Austin, TX 78752</p>
    <p>weichun.chang1997@gmail.com</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

## About Me

I am a soon-to-be graduate in Electrical and Computer Engineering, specializing in machine learning and data processing. My research focuses on:

- **Machine Learning Applications**: Deep learning, GNNs, and LLMs for real-world systems
- **Robotics**: LLM-driven code generation for robotics navigation
- **Energy Systems**: Power grid optimization and carbon-aware energy management
- **Network Analysis**: Social network dynamics and information flow patterns

### Technical Skills

- **Core**: Python, SQL, R
- **ML/DL**: PyTorch, TensorFlow, Graph Neural Networks
- **Tools**: Git, Linux, Automated Testing, Docker

Currently seeking opportunities to apply ML expertise in intelligent systems and developing scalable, data-driven solutions for business strategies.
